
* Background:

We're starting a simple Event management application. An event has
some basic descriptive information about the event including the
address as well as the geocoded location. This first lab will focus on
setting up the Rails environment and creating a single model. It will
also require you to implement a small Ruby method and do some
computations.

The events are games played by Cal locally and at three other
schools. The data is in the spec/fixtures/events.yml and gives all the
data for the four events. All distances are calculated from Soda Hall.

* Tasks:

  1. Create a simple rails application

  2. Unpack the Assignment_1.zip file in your application root directory.
     
     unzip Assignment_1.zip

  3. Migrate your database

     rake db:migrate

  4. Using the provided tests, add a method to compute distance from
     from a given longitude and latitude. The expected results are in
     the spec test case, so all that is require is getting the test to
     pass. Then write another method that uses the computed distance
     to sort the event records from nearest to furthest. 

     The distance calculation can be found at: 
     	 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great-circle_distance

     We'll be using the Haversine formula for the tests. Please refer
     to the equation given in the above reference.

     The distances are computed with Google Earth and are therefor
     going to be a little different than the values you will get using
     the distance formula. This is fine and accounted for in the
     tests.

* Hints: 

  1. You should do all your computations in Ruby. This does not
     require any GIS extensions to the database.

  2. Don't worry about performance, we'll deal with that later.

  3. The arguments to your event's distance function will be longitude then latitude.

  4. Your distance function should return the distance in kilometers.

  5. Make sure you use degrees and radians in the right places in your distance function. 

* Goal:

Get the rspec test to pass.
